# What's new

We are happy to share with you the latest version of the Stoplight Platform. Yes! An upgrade for the V1 that you have loved so much. We took your precious feedback and incorporated it into this latest release.
 
### Workspaces
As many of you incorporated Stoplight into your workflows, you found the need for a central workspace for your organization where you can onboard your teams, manage your projects, and invite external members.  V2 brings precisely that. With workspaces you can: 
- Add, organize, and manage projects—a single place for your public, internal, and private projects to live. 
- Whitelist domains to quickly onboard team members.
- Assign team members with different roles and privileges. 
- Get feedback from your customers with guest access.

### Projects
Projects are the center stage of everything you do in Stoplight. 
- You can now add your projects from pre-configured VCS. It's as easy as putting in your username and password. 
- Projects and their documentation are always in sync with your Git Repo. Edit, Save, Push. 
- Toggle project visibility between private, internal, and public.

### Explorer - Better than ever
Explorer has gotten much love from you. The latest version brings a revamped user experience that makes finding, managing, and governing all your API assets a breeze. 
- Manage a large number of projects with streamlined navigation, grouping, and filtering. 
- Visualize dependencies for endpoints and markdown documentation in addition to models now. 

### Hubs
Create a Hub to publish documentation for multiple projects that are always in sync with your workspace. 
- Setting up custom domains and SSL is now a breeze.
- Create navigation of your choice by filtering directories. 

### Studio
-  A new and improved UI/UX.
-  You can now publish local projects to Git within Studio.

### Hosted Mocking
- Get quick feedback on design and develop in parallel with powerful mock servers that are always in sync with your API designs. 

To get started with Stoplight, [setup your Workspace]() to start collaborating
